[Music]
but this is such a prized spot that
inevitably he has competition
getting the upper ground will be key
the male's skulls are specially
reinforced to take a battering their
evenly matched the battle could last up
to an hour but when a third male joins
in no one seems to know who to fight
he's unlucky this time
[Music]
but he spoiled for choice there are 3000
possible partners
[Music]
our waddle walk shoes she's kini
[Applause]
they mirror each other's actions to
confirm that they're never couple but
they're blossoming romance soon sparks
jealousies a second female tries to
muscle in she picks at her rival but the
meals having none of it
the girls fight it out its flippers at
dawn she shoves her challenger to the
ground but it's not over yet a meet
cheers her own this time she's clinched
it
she slapped our way to victory chilly
was in demand and certainly has a talent
for creating trouble among the males
Evander turns up and spots chilly with
scar
evander doesn't like it and his
expression says it all all the other
animals can sense the tension scar comes
down from the tree
Evander's waiting for him this is when
those teeth come into their own this is
no play fight it's the real deal a fight
like this result in severe injuries even
death it's hard to see exactly what's
going on but it's likely to involve
bloodshed
oh you've got to look at this Evander's
been really badly injured it just shows
you that these scraps between the males
[Music]
for the beachmaster
it's an opportunity to mate he'll fight
anyone who dares come close to his harem
with a colossal two and a half tons
behind him what he lacks in looks he
makes up for in brawn
[Music]
the beachmaster wastes no time in making
the most of his victory he'll have to
fight battle after battle to continue to
hold the fort
[Music]
the rut takes a heavy toll on the big
balls
so arriving now could give this young
contender an edge
[Music]
but there's life in the old bull yet
head-to-head the Challenger more than
holds his own
then he makes a small mistake
shunted aside his challenge is brutally
ended
[Music]